docs(helm): add 8.9 to 8.10 upgrade guide and camundaHub documentation (#8873)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/deployment/helm/configure/enable-additional-components.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Management Identity** - Controls access to Camunda Hub and Optimize. This is a separate component that must be explicitly enabled.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Camunda Hub
```

Reviewer: Some of this document looks like it was written for 8.8. I recommend we take this opportunity to remove all this content, as we should only reference 8.9 -> 8.10 changes. It looks like we'll need to backport those changes to 8.9, too.

:::

## Camunda Hub

Enable Camunda Hub with the following configuration options. If you're upgrading from Camunda 8.9, see the [Camunda Hub consolidation migration steps](/self-managed/upgrade/helm/890-to-8100.md#consolidate-console-and-web-modeler-into-camunda-hub).

- Set `camundaHub.enabled: true`.
- Enable Management Identity for authentication. See [authentication and authorization](./authentication-and-authorization/index.md).
- Configure your SMTP server in `camundaHub.restapi.extraConfiguration`. Camunda Hub requires an SMTP server to send notification emails.
- Configure an external PostgreSQL connection under `camundaHub.restapi.externalDatabase`. Provision PostgreSQL externally, such as with a managed service or the [CloudNativePG operator](/self-managed/deployment/helm/configure/operator-based-infrastructure.md).

We recommend specifying values in a YAML file and passing it to the `helm install` command.

Minimal configuration file:

```yaml
camundaHub:
  enabled: true
  restapi:
    mail:
      secret:

>         existingSecret: "camunda-credentials-webmodeler"

Reviewer: Can we update these webmodeler references?

### Additional components (must be explicitly enabled)

> - Camunda Hub (Web Modeler + Console; one consolidated component as of 8.10)

Reviewer: Multiple times throughout this document, we blur the terminology between "Camunda Hub" and "Web Modeler". I recommend we separate concerns: 

1. Let the migration guide explain the consolidation of Console and Web Modeler.
2. Only refer to "Camunda Hub" in this guide.

We can lead off with a link to the migration guide, in case users are confused by the new terminology in 8.10.

- Management Identity
- Optimize
- OpenSearch (when using OpenSearch as the secondary store)

External infrastructure dependencies (provision and connect externally — they are no longer bundled as Helm subcharts):

> - PostgreSQL (required for Camunda Hub / Web Modeler and for Management Identity)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PostgreSQL (required for Camunda Hub and Management Identity)
```

- Keycloak (required when using internal authentication for Identity)
- Elasticsearch (when using Elasticsearch as the secondary store)

> :::note 8.10 removed the bundled Bitnami subcharts

Reviewer: The purpose of this guide is to inform users how to enable non-default components, not how to migrate from an existing installation. This note explicitly informs users that we've dropped support of functionality between 8.9 and 8.10, so I recommend letting the migration guide handle that explanation, where readers are specifically learning about things that have changed between versions.

Specifically, I would replace this note with something like:

> If you're migrating from an older version of Camunda Self-Managed, refer to the [migration guide](/docs/self-managed/upgrade/helm/890-to-8100.md#camunda-hub-consolidation).

The `identityKeycloak`, `identityPostgresql`, `webModelerPostgresql`, and `elasticsearch` Bitnami subcharts that shipped with the Camunda 8 Helm chart through 8.9 are removed in 8.10. The chart rejects these keys with a hard constraint error. Connect to externally managed services instead — see [Bundled Bitnami subcharts removed](/self-managed/upgrade/helm/890-to-8100.md#bundled-bitnami-subcharts-removed) for replacement guidance.
:::

> :::note Upgrading from 8.7?

Reviewer: More 8.8 content

> If you enable Web Modeler, Console, or Optimize without enabling Management Identity, these components will not function properly as they require authentication. The Orchestration Cluster (Zeebe, Operate, Tasklist, and Orchestration Cluster Admin) does not depend on Management Identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you enable Camunda Hub or Optimize without enabling Management Identity, these components will not function properly, as they require authentication. The Orchestration Cluster (Zeebe, Operate, Tasklist, and Orchestration Cluster Admin) does not depend on Management Identity.
```

:::

> ## Web Modeler and Console (Camunda Hub)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Camunda Hub
```

:::note Camunda 8.10+

> Starting with Camunda 8.10, Web Modeler and Console ship as a single component called **Camunda Hub**. Enabling Camunda Hub turns on both the Web Modeler editor and the Console UI; Console is no longer a separate deployment. Set `camundaHub.enabled: true` to enable them together.

Reviewer: Similar to previous comments: Notes like this assume users are coming from an earlier version and care about the consolidation. Instead, I would let the migration guide cater to those users and write this section with the assumption that the user just needs to configure Camunda Hub.

I recommend we remove this note and start the section with something like:

> Enable Camunda Hub with the following configuration options. If you're migrating from an older version of Camunda Self-Managed, refer to the [migration guide](/docs/self-managed/upgrade/helm/890-to-8100.md#camunda-hub-consolidation).

The legacy 8.9 keys `webModeler.enabled: true` and `console.enabled: true` still work as a backward-compatibility shim — each toggles the corresponding feature inside the Camunda Hub component — but they emit deprecation warnings during `helm upgrade`. See the [8.9 to 8.10 upgrade guide](/self-managed/upgrade/helm/890-to-8100.md#camunda-hub-consolidation) for the migration path.
:::

To enable Camunda Hub:

- Set `camundaHub.enabled: true` (disabled by default).
- **Enable Management Identity** (required for authentication) — see [authentication and authorization](./authentication-and-authorization/index.md).

> - Configure your SMTP server under `camundaHub.webModeler.restapi.mail`. Web Modeler requires an SMTP server to send notification emails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configure your SMTP server under `camundaHub.webModeler.restapi.mail`. Camunda Hub requires an SMTP server to send notification emails.
```

> - Configure an external PostgreSQL connection under `camundaHub.webModeler.restapi.externalDatabase`. The bundled `webModelerPostgresql` Bitnami subchart is no longer available — provision PostgreSQL externally (managed RDS, CloudSQL, Azure Database, or self-hosted via the [CloudNativePG operator](/self-managed/deployment/helm/configure/operator-based-infrastructure.md)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configure an external PostgreSQL connection under `camundaHub.webModeler.restapi.externalDatabase`. Provision PostgreSQL externally (managed RDS, CloudSQL, Azure Database, or self-hosted via the [CloudNativePG operator](/self-managed/deployment/helm/configure/operator-based-infrastructure.md)).
```

We recommend specifying values in a YAML file and passing it to the `helm install` command.

Minimal configuration file:

```yaml
camundaHub:
  enabled: true
  webModeler:
    restapi:
      mail:
        # Email address to be displayed as sender of emails from Web Modeler.
        fromAddress: no-reply@example.com
        smtpHost: smtp.example.com
        smtpPort: 587
        smtpUser: user
        # Prefer existingSecret over inline smtpPassword in values.yaml.
        secret:
          existingSecret: "camunda-credentials-webmodeler"
          existingSecretKey: "webmodeler-smtp-user-password"
      externalDatabase:
        url: jdbc:postgresql://postgres.example.com:5432/modeler-db
        username: modeler-user
        # Prefer existingSecret over inline password in values.yaml.
        secret:
          existingSecret: "camunda-credentials-webmodeler"
          existingSecretKey: "webmodeler-postgresql-user-password"
```

For the full list of options, see the [Camunda Hub Helm values](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/camunda/camunda-platform#camundahub-parameters).

:::note Ingress access for Console

> The Console UI is served by the Camunda Hub component under the Web Modeler ingress route. When using `kubectl port-forward` with [Keycloak deployed via the Keycloak Operator](/self-managed/deployment/helm/configure/operator-based-infrastructure.md), you must also port-forward the Keycloak service so the OIDC redirect works:

Reviewer: > The Console UI is served by the Camunda Hub component under the Web Modeler ingress route.

Will this be confusing for users who are not migrating from an earlier version of Camunda? I recommend we consider trying to use only "Camunda Hub" language, as Console and Web Modeler are now one product.

To me the second sentence also looks like it's leaving out some important information. To align it more with the original, can we go with something like this?

```suggestion
When using `kubectl port-forward` to log in to Camunda Hub with [Keycloak deployed via the Keycloak Operator](/self-managed/deployment/helm/configure/operator-based-infrastructure.md), you must also port-forward the Keycloak service so the OIDC redirect works:
```
